C++ Template Metaprogramming: Concepts, Tools, and Techniques from Boost and Beyond
https://www.amazon.com/Template-Metaprogramming-Concepts-Techniques-Beyond/dp/0321227255
Orjinal 30TL

Modern C++ Design: Generic Programming and Design Patterns Applied
https://www.amazon.com/Modern-Design-Generic-Programming-Patterns/dp/0201704315
Orjinal 30TL

Advanced Global Illumination 1st Edition
https://www.amazon.com/Advanced-Global-Illumination-Second-Philip/dp/1568813074/
Orjinal 30TL

C++ Templates: The Complete Guide
https://www.amazon.com/Templates-Complete-Guide-David-Vandevoorde/dp/0201734842
Orjinal 30TL

Game Design Perspectives
https://www.amazon.com/Design-Perspectives-Charles-Development-Software/dp/1584500905
Fotokopi 5TL

The RenderMan Shading Language Guide
https://www.amazon.com/RenderMan-Shading-Language-Guide/dp/1598632868
Orjinal 30TL

OpenGL ES 2.0 Programming Guide
https://www.amazon.com/OpenGL-ES-2-0-Programming-Guide/dp/0321502795
Orjinal 30TL

C++ For Game Programmers 1st edition
https://www.amazon.com/C-Game-Programmers-Development/dp/1584504528
Fotokopi 5TL

ShaderX2: Shader Programming Tips and Tricks with DirectX 9.0
https://www.amazon.com/ShaderX2-Shader-Programming-Tricks-DirectX/dp/1556229887
Fotokipi 5TL

Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice in C 2nd edition
https://www.amazon.com/Computer-Graphics-Principles-Practice-2nd/dp/0201848406
Orijinal 30TL

Game Writing: Narrative Skills for Videogames
https://www.amazon.com/Game-Writing-Narrative-Videogames-Development/dp/1584504900
Orjinal 30TL

Learning OpenCV: Computer Vision with the OpenCV Library
https://www.amazon.com/Learning-OpenCV-Computer-Vision-Library/dp/0596516134
Çinden alınan orjinal 15TL

The Business of iPhone App Development: Making and Marketing Apps that Succeed
https://www.amazon.com/Business-iPhone-App-Development-Marketing/dp/1430227338
Fotokipi 5TL

Geometric Tools for Computer Graphics
https://www.amazon.com/Geometric-Computer-Graphics-Morgan-Kaufmann/dp/1558605940
Orjinal 30TL

Computer Graphics With Pascal
https://www.amazon.com/Computer-Graphics-Benjamin-computing-information/dp/0805307907
Orjinal 10TL

Essential ActionScript 3.0: ActionScript 3.0 Programming Fundamentals
https://www.amazon.com/Essential-ActionScript-3-0-Programming-Fundamentals/dp/0596526946
Orjinal 15TL

Advanced RenderMan: Creating CGI for Motion Pictures
https://www.amazon.com/Advanced-RenderMan-Creating-Pictures-Kaufmann/dp/1558606181
Orjinal 30TL

iPhone SDK Development
https://www.amazon.com/iPhone-SDK-Development-Pragmatic-Programmers/dp/1934356255
Orjinal 10TL

Beginning iPhone 3 Development: Exploring the iPhone SDK
https://www.amazon.com/Beginning-iPhone-Development-Exploring-SDK/dp/1430223065
Orjinal 10TL

Computer Graphics, C Version (2nd Edition)
https://www.amazon.com/Computer-Graphics-C-Version-2nd/dp/0135309247
Orjinal 15TL

Realistic Image Synthesis Using Photon Mapping
https://www.amazon.com/Realistic-Image-Synthesis-Photon-Mapping/dp/1568811470
Orjinal 20TL

Realistic Ray Tracing 2nd edition
https://www.amazon.com/Realistic-Tracing-Second-Peter-Shirley/dp/1568814615
Orjinal 20TL

3D Computer Graphics 2nd edition
https://www.amazon.com/Computer-Graphics-3rd-Alan-Watt/dp/0201398559
Orjinal, iyi durumda değil 10TL

Shader X5
https://www.amazon.com/ShaderX5-Rendering-Techniques-Wolfgang-Engel/dp/1584504994/
Orjinal 30TL

Physically Based Rendering 1st edition
https://www.amazon.com/Physically-Based-Rendering-Implementation-Interactive/dp/012553180X
Orjinal 30TL

GPU Gems 3
https://www.amazon.com/GPU-Gems-3-Hubert-Nguyen/dp/0321515269
Orjinal 30TL

Programming in Lua 2nd edition
https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Lua-2nd-second/dp/0935718303/
Orjinal 15TL

More Effective C++
https://www.amazon.com/More-Effective-Improve-Programs-Designs/dp/020163371X
Orjinal 25TL

Computational Geometry: Algorithms and Applications 2nd edition
https://www.amazon.com/Computational-Geometry-Applications-Mark-Berg/dp/3540779736
Orjinal 30TL

Advanced Animation and Rendering Techniques
https://www.amazon.com/Advanced-Animation-Rendering-Techniques-Alan/dp/0201544121
Orjinal 20TL

https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Principles-Practice-Using-C/dp/0321543726
Programming: Principles and Practice Using C++
Çinden alınan orjinal 15TL

Texturing and Modeling: A Procedural Approach 2nd Edition
https://www.amazon.com/Texturing-Modeling-Second-Procedural-Approach/dp/0122287304
Orjinal 25TL

JavaScript: The Definitive Guide 5th Edition
https://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Definitive-Guide-David-Flanagan/dp/0596101996
Çinden alınan orjinal 15TL

Computer Graphics 2nd edition
https://www.amazon.com/Computer-Graphics-Donald-Hearn/dp/0131615300/
Orjinal Kapağı kopmuş 5TL


C Programlama Dili - Kernighan & Ritchie
Türkçe, Orjinal 5TL


















